1.- What is this?
Hi, my name is Javier GÃ³mez and this is a fork of the Joomla CMS trunk
done with the purpose to create the modifications of my Google Summer 
of Code Project 2012.


2. What is the goal of the project? What problem does it attempt to solve?

The goal of the project is to create an interface to install language 
packs from a generated list of accredited language packs during Joomla 
installation and subsequently from the administrator interface.

The Joomla! community has always been very committed to improve the 
internationalization in all the areas of the project. As a result, there 
are translations available into more than 50 languages. In my opinion, 
supporting other languages than English is particularly important for the 
Joomla! CMS. We must take into account that Joomla! is used around the 
globe, mainly by people who are non-native English speakers. Being one of 
them, I have been always concerned about making Joomla accessible for 
everyone. 

In the current version, users can install and use Joomla in their own 
language. Sadly, there are still some steps that need to be done in 
English: after installing Jommla on the server, users must navigate in 
English through the Joomla Administration until they find the installer 
that allows them to add their preferred language package. This represents 
a language barrier for some users. I believe we will make a big step 
forward avoiding this mentioned step. Brief, this is the main goal of 
this Google Summer of Code project: to allow users to install and manage 
Joomla! entirely in the language they prefer.

If you are interested in the project you can find more information in 
the following link:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1B4bmIImqnXyM-aJGaz14ZtTYfZ3uTFFUaPbQPpSe-rE/edit

Copyright:
    * Copyright (C) 2005 - 2012 Open Source Matters. All rights reserved.
    * Credits: http://docs.joomla.org/Joomla_1.6_Credits
    * Distributed under the GNU General Public License version 2 or later
    * See Licenses details at http://docs.joomla.org/Joomla_Licenses
